docs/usage/startjob.rst, before:

Starting a job
==============

Now that we have seen how to obtain jobs and their results, we will show you how to start a Bilby job.
For this, we need a Bilby .ini file, along with a job name, description and whether or not you want the job to be private.
We can submit a job just by providing a path to the ini file on our local machine, for example:

::

    job_id = gwc.start_bilby_job_from_file(
        job_name="a_meaningful_name",
        job_description="This job will usher in a new age of learning",
        private=True,
        ini_file="path/to/file.ini"
    )

If you already have the .ini file open, you are able to submit the contents of the file as a string, as:

::

    job_id = gwc.start_bilby_job_from_string(
        job_name="a_meaningful_name",
        job_description="This job will bring world peace",
        private=True,
        ini_string=contents_of_ini_file
    )

These methods return the ID for your job, which can be used to access the job with :meth:`~gwcloud_python.gwcloud.GWCloud.get_job_by_id`.
You should be able to monitor the progress of your job through the API or through the web interface.

Commit message:

Documentation update
Summary: Primarily improving documentation structure, but also making tests work properly again after changes to gwdc-python

Test Plan: None

Reviewers: llakerink

Reviewed By: llakerink

Differential Revision: https://phab.adacs.org.au/D581

docs/usage/startjob.rst, after:

Starting a job
==============

The gwcloud-python API can also be used to start a Bilby job, as we can using the Bilby user interface.
However, instead of filling out a form of all the job parameters, we need a Bilby .ini file, along with a job name, description and privacy setting.

Using a Bilby ini file
----------------------

We can submit a job just by providing a path to the ini file on our local machine, for example:

::

    job = gwc.start_bilby_job_from_file(
        job_name="a_meaningful_name",
        job_description="This job will usher in a new age of learning",
        private=True,
        ini_file="path/to/file.ini"
    )

This method, and the one below, return a BilbyJob instance containing information on your new job.
You should be able to monitor the progress of your job through the API or through the web interface.

Using the contents of a Bilby ini file
--------------------------------------

Instead of passing in a path to an .ini file, we are also able to pass in the contents of the file as a string:

::

    job = gwc.start_bilby_job_from_string(
        job_name="a_meaningful_name",
        job_description="This job will bring world peace",
        private=True,
        ini_string=contents_of_ini_file
    )

This could be used to programmatically modify the contents of an ini file (in a loop, for example) and submit a new job.
